Add example using JSON format output (#1079)
jmorganca/ollama: examples/python-json-datagenerator/readme.md

# JSON Output Example

![llmjson 2023-11-10 15_31_31](https://github.com/jmorganca/ollama/assets/633681/e599d986-9b4a-4118-81a4-4cfe7e22da25)

There are two python scripts in this example. `randomaddresses.py` generates random addresses from different countries. `predefinedschema.py` sets a template for the model to fill in.

## Review the Code

Both programs are basically the same, with a different prompt for each, demonstrating two different ideas. The key part of getting JSON out of a model is to state in the prompt or system prompt that it should respond using JSON, and specifying the `format` as `json` in the data body.

```python

> prompt = f"generate one realisticly believable sample data set of a persons first name, last name, address in {country}, and  phone number. Do not use common names. Respond using JSON. Key names should with no backslashes, values should use plain ascii with no special characters."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
prompt = f"generate one realistically believable sample data set of a persons first name, last name, address in {country}, and  phone number. Do not use common names. Respond using JSON. Key names should with no backslashes, values should use plain ascii with no special characters."
```

data = {
    "prompt": prompt,
    "model": model,
    "format": "json",
    "stream": False,
    "options": {"temperature": 2.5, "top_p": 0.99, "top_k": 100},
}
```

When running `randomaddresses.py` you will see that the schema changes and adapts to the chosen country.

In `predefinedschema.py`, a template has been specified in the prompt as well. It's been defined as JSON and then dumped into the prompt string to make it easier to work with.

> Both examples turn streaming off so that we end up with the completed JSON all at once. We need to convert the `response.text` to JSON so that when we output it as a string we can set the indent spacing to make the output attractive.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both examples turn streaming off so that we end up with the completed JSON all at once. We need to convert the `response.text` to JSON so that when we output it as a string we can set the indent spacing to make the output easy to read.
```
